# theAIgency - The Wrecking Crew of AI

## Problem
Midsize business needs AI Engineers
AI Engineers need to be hired by Midsize buinsess

## Solution
An international AI Engineering Employment Agency

## Archecture
AI.BIZDEV - Business development by Traditional, Smart Scout, Hack Prod

AI.ETA - AI Engineering Talent Acquision by Attracting, Screening, Vetting, Branding

AI.OPS - Operations by GreenLite, Continous Program Management, 

Logistic (Travel, Accomodation, Work Space, etc)

AI.COMM - Community by Events, Education, Coaching, Wellness

## DEMO

### 1) BIZDEV: CUSTOMER SEARCH

Traditional Customer Search with AI Providing a simple mechanism to qualify AI projects using a RAG chat interface to collect data on the customer needs.

DEMO: Sharon works with Sirui to get her autogenerated Product Requirements.

### 2) AIDEV: VETTING AI ENGINEERING CANDIDATES

Qualify with AI: Multiple online and in-person tests to qualify canidates.  Creates a set of updatable profile characteristics, used later in the project mapping. 

DEMO: Amir applies as an AI Engineer at theAIgency where he takes several qualification tests and accedication.  In this case, he is asked a quiz on AI Engineering questions on RAG, Agents and MCP.

### 3) AIOPS: FACILITY OPERATIONS

Using internal funded projects to create the ideal work enviorment.  Using AI and IoT, create ideal developer experiences from temperature, to noise, to lighting quality, the results in maximum productivity. 

DEMO: Amir arrives in SF to work in the Frontier Tower on a hot day in September.  His profile indicates the need for a

### 4) AICOMM: ACTIVITY PLANNING

AI Engieers learn to work and live in SF.  

DEMO: Based on Amir's profile and 


